---
title: ES Engage 5.3.0
tags: [console, engage]
---


## Features Included in ES Engage 5.3.0

Note that these features are those introduced or completed since ES Loyalty 4.7.0.

<!-- truncate -->

### Link to Technical Release Notes

The ES Loyalty 4.7.1 Technical Release Notes may be viewed here: [ES Loyalty 4.7.1 - ES Loyalty - Confluence](https://esidevops.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/WIZARD/pages/8905785345)

### Console Renewal

<u>Product Launch description:</u>

1. **Internal**
    - This is an internal infrastructure upgrade to ES Loyalty. For this release, “Foundation” API work and re-writing the User Management module of the Console was done. This is an interim release of a more extensive set of API and Console work that will be complete in a future release, in which benefits will be more fully described.

2. **Why this is valuable**
    - Rewriting the API foundations of the ESL Console will contribute to improved non-functional functions and functional benefits in future, like improved maintainability and productivity, as well as improved security and enabling of certain functions like deep linking. This effort will allow continued delivery of this product to remain modern in the face of changing technology.

3. **What this feature does**
    - Next.js rebuild enables improved performance, faster load times, and better reliability.
    - Sign-in and identity management implemented using AWS Amplify and Amazon Cognito. Provides secure access control and session management.
    - New CI pipeline powered by Jenkins builds the app, generates deployment artifacts, and stores them in a centralized repository. This ensures consistent releases across environments.
    - Homepage and navigation redesigned to align with current brand standards. Improved layout consistency and usability using modern component design.
    - All backend API requests now require authentication, improving data protection and system security.